brought to you by Phillips 66 aviation
and by the Bose headset 10 with over 700
FBOs nationwide and the strongest supply
in the industry
it's no wonder Phillips 66 is Aviation's
number one fuel provider Phillips 66 the
most trusted wings in aviation the
saying goes that if it looks like a duck
and it walks like a duck then it is a
duck
well the Farnborough Kestrel is not an
epic LT I'm Russ Niles reporting from
Sun and fun 2010 here in Lakeland and
we've got Adrien Norris at Farnborough
aircraft to explain to us the
differences and some of the similarities
between a Farnborough Kestrel and an
epic LT is it an epic is not as
Farnborough aircraft just named the
company and the aircraft model is the
Kestrel we had a brief joint venture
with epic in 2003 to 2005 and we did all
of the aerodynamic work on the epic LT
and on the aircraft you can see behind
me and the two aircraft share a common
wing but really that less it that a
fuselage is much longer much larger than
the epic and we had a parting of the
ways with epic early in 2005 and
completed a set craft without epics help
until it flew in July 2006 it really is
a great airplane we have phenomenal
performance we're getting a cruise speed
realistic career speed for about three
hundred and forty knots at flight level
two six zero and above we operate when
we were in the UK we operate at over
2,000 foot grass strip and we can take
off and land at maximum weight in and
out of that field and then climb out
over 3,000 feet a minute with a full
full cabin full tanks fly for 1,300
miles of eye-fi reserves so that the
performance is really there in excess of
anything which is on the market in the
single-engine turboprop the category
today we're privately funded from the UK
we began discussions with Liberty
Aerospace in Melbourne Florida
18 months ago really initially to share
some technical information and learn
from them about the certification
process for carbon-composite era
the aircraft is made from exactly the
same type of toy a carbon fiber as as
ours and we just got on really well had
a very good relationship we've started
talking about some financial
possibilities and close to collaboration
which hopefully is going to lead to this
aircraft being being produced and
certified at the Liberty facility in
Mobile realistically it's going to be at
least a three year process to to deliver
us we're ready to freeze the design and
start work on conformal prototypes we've
got all of the details detailed drawings
we've registered the project with the
FAA but it's a long process and if
everything goes smoothly then three
years time but at this stage and
certification process I don't want to
give a give a date the airplanes a six
seat two two pilots four four passenger
seats with a private laboratory we've
got a useful load with full fuel of
1,200 pounds and 200 pound baggage
compartment pressurized baggage
compartment in the aircraft we're going
to be certified to 31,000 feet with a
7.5 psi Kevin differential so that
should give a 6,500 foot cabin altitude
at 31,000 feet the Bose aviation had set
10 voted number one for the ninth
consecutive year in professional pilots
2009 annual headset preference survey
today's aviation headset 10 delivers a
highly acclaimed combination of noise
reduction clear audio and comfort that
remains unmatched
learn more at Bose comm / headset